docs/resources/availability_spec.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_availability_spec Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make resources available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_availability_spec (Resource)

A specifier to make resources available for selection under a particular Access Workflow



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role` (Attributes) The role to make available (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role))
- `target` (Attributes) The target to make available. Should be a Selector entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Optional

- `identity_domain` (Attributes) The identity domain associated with the integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_domain))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The helpers Common Fate ID

<a id="nestedatt--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type


<a id="nestedatt--identity_domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_domain`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type

Commit message:

Add configurable priority on availability specs to order roles in the UI (#91)
* start on adding priotity to avail specs

* Generate documentation

* save priority for all availability specs

* Generate documentation

* added changeset

* update name

* Generate documentation

* bump sdk to v1.40.1

---------

Co-authored-by: meyerjrr <meyerjrr@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: JoshuaWilkes <14214200+JoshuaWilkes@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/availability_spec.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_availability_spec Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make resources available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_availability_spec (Resource)

A specifier to make resources available for selection under a particular Access Workflow



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role` (Attributes) The role to make available (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role))
- `target` (Attributes) The target to make available. Should be a Selector entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Optional

- `identity_domain` (Attributes) The identity domain associated with the integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_domain))
- `role_priority` (Number) The priority that governs which role will be suggested to use in the web app when requesting access. The availability spec with the highest priority will have its role suggested first in the UI

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The helpers Common Fate ID

<a id="nestedatt--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type


<a id="nestedatt--identity_domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_domain`

Required:

- `id` (String) The entity ID
- `type` (String) The entity type
