---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_aws_jit_policy Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to create a Just-In-Time (JIT) workflows for AWS. Common Fate's policy engine will use the created workflows and use the best fit for each individual access request made.
---

# commonfate_aws_jit_policy (Resource)

Used to create a Just-In-Time (JIT) workflows for AWS. Common Fate's policy engine will use the created workflows and use the best fit for each individual access request made.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `duration` (String) The duration of the access that will be applied for the user requesting the resource.
- `priority` (Number) The priority that governs whether the policy will be used. If a different policy with a higher priority and the same role exists that one will be used over another.
- `role` (String) The target role that will be applied to the resource.

### Optional

- `match_account_ids` (List of String) A list of AWS Account ID's that you want to assign access to. Common Fate will automatically match these projects with the role attached to the policy.
- `match_org_units` (List of String) A list of AWS org units that you want to give access to. Will include the org unit and its child Accounts. Common Fate will automatically match these accounts with the role attached to the policy.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the workflow. Call this something memorable and relevant to the policy being created. For example: `prod-access`
- `notify_slack_channel` (String) If slack is connected, it will send notifications to this slack channel. Must be the ID of the channel and not the name. See below on how to find this ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID


