docs/resources/aws_idc_integration.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_aws_idc_integration Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registers an AWS IAM Identity Center integration
---

# commonfate_aws_idc_integration (Resource)

Registers an AWS IAM Identity Center integration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_aws_idc_integration" "demo" {
  identity_store_id = "d-12345678"
  name              = "Demo"
  reader_role_arn   = "arn:aws:iam::12345678912:role/common-fate-prod-idc-reader-role"
  sso_instance_arn  = "abcd-1234"
  sso_region        = "ap-southeast-2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_store_id` (String) The IAM Identity Center identity store ID
- `name` (String) The name of the integration: use a short label which is descriptive of the organization you're connecting to
- `reader_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume in order to read AWS IAM Identity Store data
- `sso_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM Identity Center SSO instance
- `sso_region` (String) The AWS region that the SSO instance is hosted in

### Optional

- `audit_role_name` (String) The name of the role to assume in each AWS Account in order to read resources
- `resource_regions` (Set of String) The regions to read reasources from in each account
- `sso_access_portal_url` (String) The SSO access portal URL, e.g https://example.awsapps.com/start

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

Commit message:

Add provisioner configuration fields to the AWS and GCP integrations (#85)
* Add additional attributes to aws and gcp integrations

* Generate documentation

* changeset

* Change the provisioner fields to optional

* Generate documentation

* Update beige-donuts-fetch.md

* update SDK to v1.37.0

---------

Co-authored-by: JoshuaWilkes <JoshuaWilkes@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/aws_idc_integration.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_aws_idc_integration Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registers an AWS IAM Identity Center integration
---

# commonfate_aws_idc_integration (Resource)

Registers an AWS IAM Identity Center integration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_aws_idc_integration" "demo" {
  identity_store_id = "d-12345678"
  name              = "Demo"
  reader_role_arn   = "arn:aws:iam::12345678912:role/common-fate-prod-idc-reader-role"
  sso_instance_arn  = "abcd-1234"
  sso_region        = "ap-southeast-2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_store_id` (String) The IAM Identity Center identity store ID
- `name` (String) The name of the integration: use a short label which is descriptive of the organization you're connecting to
- `reader_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume in order to read AWS IAM Identity Store data
- `sso_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM Identity Center SSO instance
- `sso_region` (String) The AWS region that the SSO instance is hosted in

### Optional

- `audit_role_name` (String) The name of the role to assume in each AWS Account in order to read resources
- `provisioner_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume in order to provision access in AWS IAM Identity Store
- `resource_regions` (Set of String) The regions to read reasources from in each account
- `sso_access_portal_url` (String) The SSO access portal URL, e.g https://example.awsapps.com/start

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID
