docs/resources/datastax_organization_availabilities.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make DataStax roles available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities (Resource)

A specifier to make DataStax roles available for selection under a particular Access Workflow

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities" "demo" {
  workflow_id                       = "workflow_id"
  datastax_organization_selector_id = commonfate_datastax_organization_selector.demo.id
  datastax_organization_id          = "12345-12345-12345-12345"
  role_id                           = "abcdef-abcdef-abcdef-abcdef-abcdef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datastax_organization_id` (String) The DataStax Organization ID.
- `datastax_organization_selector_id` (String) The DataStax Organization selector ID. Should be the ID of a 'commonfate_datastax_organization_selector' Terraform resource.
- `role_id` (String) The ID of the DataStax role to make available for access.
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

Commit message:

Add configurable priority on availability specs to order roles in the UI (#91)
* start on adding priotity to avail specs

* Generate documentation

* save priority for all availability specs

* Generate documentation

* added changeset

* update name

* Generate documentation

* bump sdk to v1.40.1

---------

Co-authored-by: meyerjrr <meyerjrr@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: JoshuaWilkes <14214200+JoshuaWilkes@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/datastax_organization_availabilities.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make DataStax roles available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities (Resource)

A specifier to make DataStax roles available for selection under a particular Access Workflow

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_datastax_organization_availabilities" "demo" {
  workflow_id                       = "workflow_id"
  datastax_organization_selector_id = commonfate_datastax_organization_selector.demo.id
  datastax_organization_id          = "12345-12345-12345-12345"
  role_id                           = "abcdef-abcdef-abcdef-abcdef-abcdef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datastax_organization_id` (String) The DataStax Organization ID.
- `datastax_organization_selector_id` (String) The DataStax Organization selector ID. Should be the ID of a 'commonfate_datastax_organization_selector' Terraform resource.
- `role_id` (String) The ID of the DataStax role to make available for access.
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Optional

- `role_priority` (Number) The priority that governs which role will be suggested to use in the web app when requesting access. The availability spec with the highest priority will have its role suggested first in the UI

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID
