docs/resources/gcp_project_availabilities.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make GCP projects available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities (Resource)

A specifier to make GCP projects available for selection under a particular Access Workflow

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities" "example" {
  workflow_id                  = "workflow_id"
  gcp_project_selector_id      = "selector_id"
  gcp_role                     = "role_id"
  google_workspace_customer_id = "34dFHJ3H4H"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gcp_project_selector_id` (String) The target to make available. Should be a Selector entity.
- `gcp_role` (String) The GCP role to make available
- `google_workspace_customer_id` (String) The ID of the Google Workspace customer associated with the projects
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

Commit message:

Add configurable priority on availability specs to order roles in the UI (#91)
* start on adding priotity to avail specs

* Generate documentation

* save priority for all availability specs

* Generate documentation

* added changeset

* update name

* Generate documentation

* bump sdk to v1.40.1

---------

Co-authored-by: meyerjrr <meyerjrr@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: JoshuaWilkes <14214200+JoshuaWilkes@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/gcp_project_availabilities.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specifier to make GCP projects available for selection under a particular Access Workflow
---

# commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities (Resource)

A specifier to make GCP projects available for selection under a particular Access Workflow

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_gcp_project_availabilities" "example" {
  workflow_id                  = "workflow_id"
  gcp_project_selector_id      = "selector_id"
  gcp_role                     = "role_id"
  google_workspace_customer_id = "34dFHJ3H4H"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gcp_project_selector_id` (String) The target to make available. Should be a Selector entity.
- `gcp_role` (String) The GCP role to make available
- `google_workspace_customer_id` (String) The ID of the Google Workspace customer associated with the projects
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID

### Optional

- `role_priority` (Number) The priority that governs which role will be suggested to use in the web app when requesting access. The availability spec with the highest priority will have its role suggested first in the UI

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID
