---
page_title: "commonfate_gcp_jit_policy Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to create a Just-In-Time (JIT) workflows for Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Common Fate's policy engine will use the created workflows and use the best fit for each individual access request made.
---

# commonfate_gcp_jit_policy (Resource)

Used to create a Just-In-Time (JIT) workflows for Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Common Fate's policy engine will use the created workflows and use the best fit for each individual access request made.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate_gcp_jit_policy" "jit-policy-1" {
  name="demo"
  priority=100
  duration="2h"
  notify_slack_channel="R023FDHJ34"
  role="roles/editor"
  match_project_ids=[
    "sandbox-1"
  ]
  match_project_folders= [
    "4443422451"
  ]

}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `duration` (String) The duration of the access that will be applied for the user requesting the resource.
- `priority` (Number) The priority that governs whether the policy will be used. If a different policy with a higher priority and the same role exists that one will be used over another.
- `role` (String) The target role that will be applied to the resource.

### Optional

- `match_project_folders` (List of String) A list of GCP Folders that you want to give access to. Will include the folder and its child Projects. Common Fate will automatically match these projects with the role attached to the policy.
- `match_project_ids` (List of String) A list of GCP Project ID's that you want to assign access to. Common Fate will automatically match these projects with the role attached to the policy.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the workflow. Call this something memorable and relevant to the policy being created. For example: `prod-access`
- `notify_slack_channel` (String) If slack is connected, it will send notifications to this slack channel. Must be the ID of the channel and not the name. See below on how to find this ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

