---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_s3_log_destination Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registers an Amazon S3 log destination.
  Events are written in batches to the bucket in JSONL format https://jsonlines.org/ at a frequency specified by 'batchdurationin_minutes'.
---

# commonfate_s3_log_destination (Resource)

Registers an Amazon S3 log destination.

Events are written in batches to the bucket in [JSONL format](https://jsonlines.org/) at a frequency specified by 'batch_duration_in_minutes'.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The S3 bucket name to send logs to.
- `name` (String) A name for the integration.
- `role_arn` (String) The role to assume when writing logs to the S3 bucket.

### Optional

- `batch_duration_in_minutes` (Number) Specifies the frequency to write batches of events to the S3 bucket in minutes. Must be 5 or greater.
- `compression` (String) An optional compression algorithm to use when writing events. If provided, must be one of ['gzip'].
- `filter_for_actions` (Set of String) Optionally filters the logs to be sent to the bucket. For example ['grant.cancelled', 'grant.revoked'] will only write audit log events to the S3 bucket for Grants being cancelled or revoked.

Available actions that you can filter on include:

- grant.requested
- grant.approved
- grant.activated
- grant.provisioned
- grant.provisioning_attempted
- grant.extended
- grant.deprovisioned
- grant.cancelled
- grant.revoked
- grant.provisioning_error
- grant.deprovisioning_error
- `key_template` (String) The template to use when writing events to the bucket. If not provided, will default to '{{ .Year }}/{{ .Month }}/{{ .Day }}/{{ .Hour }}_{{ .Minute }}_{{ .Second }}_{{ .ID }}'.
- `maximum_batch_size` (Number) Specifies the maximum batch size to use when writing files. Defaults to 5000 if unspecified. Increasing this may impact the memory usage of your Common Fate deployment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID


