docs/resources/slack_alert.md, before:

---
page_title: "commonfate_slack_alert Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.
---

# commonfate_slack_alert (Resource)

Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate-slack_alert" "demo" {
  id                                  = "demo"
  workflow_id                         = "wrk_123"
  slack_channel_id                    = "demo"
  slack_workspace_id                  = "123"
  use_web_console_for_request_actions = false
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `slack_channel_id` (String) If Slack is connected, it will send notifications to this slack channel. Must be the ID of the channel and not the name. See below on how to find this ID.
- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID.

### Optional

- `integration_id` (String) The ID for the integration set up to slack.
- `slack_workspace_id` (String) The Slack Workspace ID. In Slack URLs, such as `https://app.slack.com/client/TXXXXXXX/CXXXXXXX` it is the string beginning with T.
- `use_web_console_for_approval_action` (Boolean) Optionally, configure the access request review buttons to be links to the web console, rather than performing the action in Slack.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal approval workflow ID

Commit message:

Add slack dm option (#66)
* made optional for slack channel id and add dm alert

* fix read

* Generate documentation

* changeset and rename

* Generate documentation

* fix naming

* fix name

* update logic for vars

* update sdk and naming

* updated name of new field send_direct_message_to_approvers

* Generate documentation

---------

Co-authored-by: meyerjrr <meyerjrr@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/slack_alert.md, after:

---
page_title: "commonfate_slack_alert Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.
---

# commonfate_slack_alert (Resource)

Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate-slack_alert" "demo" {
  id                                  = "demo"
  workflow_id                         = "wrk_123"
  slack_channel_id                    = "demo"
  slack_workspace_id                  = "123"
  use_web_console_for_request_actions = false
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID.

### Optional

- `integration_id` (String) The ID for the integration set up to slack.
- `send_direct_message_to_approvers` (Boolean) If Slack is connected, it will send notifications to the requesting user. Cannot be used in conjunction with 'slack_channel_id'
- `slack_channel_id` (String) If Slack is connected, it will send notifications to this slack channel. Must be the ID of the channel and not the name. See below on how to find this ID.
- `slack_workspace_id` (String) The Slack Workspace ID. In Slack URLs, such as `https://app.slack.com/client/TXXXXXXX/CXXXXXXX` it is the string beginning with T.
- `use_web_console_for_approval_action` (Boolean) Optionally, configure the access request review buttons to be links to the web console, rather than performing the action in Slack.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal approval workflow ID
