---
page_title: "commonfate_slack_alert Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.
---

# commonfate_slack_alert (Resource)

Links a Slack message being send to a particular channel or workspace based on actions made against a workflow.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commonfate-slack_alert" "demo" {
  id                                  = "demo"
  workflow_id                         = "wrk_123"
  slack_channel_id                    = "demo"
  slack_workspace_id                  = "123"
  use_web_console_for_request_actions = false
  notify_expiry_in_seconds            = 60 * 5 // 5 minutes
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workflow_id` (String) The Access Workflow ID.

### Optional

- `disable_interactivity_handlers` (Boolean) Disables all webhook handlers for the Slack integration.
- `integration_id` (String) The ID for the integration set up to slack.
- `notify_expiry_in_seconds` (Number) The duration before access expiration at which Slack will notify the user about the upcoming expiration.
- `send_direct_message_to_approvers` (Boolean) If Slack is connected, it will send notifications to the requesting user. Cannot be used in conjunction with 'slack_channel_id'
- `slack_channel_id` (String) If Slack is connected, it will send notifications to this slack channel. Must be the ID of the channel and not the name. See below on how to find this ID.
- `slack_workspace_id` (String) The Slack Workspace ID. In Slack URLs, such as `https://app.slack.com/client/TXXXXXXX/CXXXXXXX` it is the string beginning with T.
- `use_web_console_for_approval_action` (Boolean) Optionally, configure the access request review buttons to be links to the web console, rather than performing the action in Slack.
- `user_notification_settings` (Attributes) Configuration for user notifications, allowing opt-in and opt-out for specific DMs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_notification_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal approval workflow ID

<a id="nestedatt--user_notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_notification_settings`

Optional:

- `activate` (Boolean) Opt-in for Activate DM notifications
- `approve` (Boolean) Opt-in for Approve DM notifications
- `deprovision` (Boolean) Opt-in for Deprovision DM notifications
- `extend` (Boolean) Opt-in for Extend DM notifications
- `initial_request` (Boolean) Opt-in for initial request DM notifications
- `revoke` (Boolean) Opt-in for Revoke DM notifications

