docs/resources/webhook_integration.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_webhook_integration Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registers a webhook integration
---

# commonfate_webhook_integration (Resource)

Registers a webhook integration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A name for the integration
- `url` (String) The URL to dispatch webhook events to

### Optional

- `headers` (Attributes List) HTTP headers to use when sending the webhook event (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `send_audit_log_events` (Boolean) Set to true to dispatch Audit Log events to the webhook.
- `send_authorization_events` (Boolean) Set to true to dispatch authorization events to the webhook

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) The HTTP header key
- `value` (String) The HTTP header value

Commit message:

Josh/cf 3263 add event filters to webhooks (#87)
* add event action filtering to webhooks

* Generate documentation

---------

Co-authored-by: JoshuaWilkes <JoshuaWilkes@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/webhook_integration.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commonfate_webhook_integration Resource - commonfate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registers a webhook integration
---

# commonfate_webhook_integration (Resource)

Registers a webhook integration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A name for the integration
- `url` (String) The URL to dispatch webhook events to

### Optional

- `filter_for_actions` (Set of String) Filter for event actions to send to the webhook
- `headers` (Attributes List) HTTP headers to use when sending the webhook event (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `send_audit_log_events` (Boolean) Set to true to dispatch Audit Log events to the webhook.
- `send_authorization_events` (Boolean) Set to true to dispatch authorization events to the webhook

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal Common Fate ID

<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) The HTTP header key
- `value` (String) The HTTP header value
